hey Vogue I'm Kendall Jenner and this is
what I wear in a week
[Music]
so this I'd say is my everyday kind of
running errands running around town look
I am wearing a little black tee by
Sunday's best my jeans are Kate they are
actually probably my most favorite jeans
ever they're like the best fit and super
long which is hard for me to find I
don't usually find jeans that are long
enough for my legs so these are perfect
they're at the perfect high waist
Midwest spot and then my red sweater is
as well Kate
um there's a common theme going on I
love Kate but I love the pop of red and
I kind of get cold all the time so I
love having something on me where I can
warm myself back up and then my loafers
are the row they're this really pretty
like brown with like almost like a hint
of red in them I love these loafers and
they're actually super comfortable I
feel like I can wear them everywhere I
don't ever leave the house or a hotel
without a pair of sunglasses I just feel
safe behind them or something so I have
to have my sunnies these are vintage
they're Gucci love these guys and then
last but not least I'm going to add a
bag
this is a brand new Bottega bag that I'm
loving right now
good guy
also the perfect size for anything and
everything love him
so this is what I'm calling my Fashion
Week look I am wearing a vintage Dolce
Gabbana dress which I love it's very
comfortable and stretchy so I can get in
and out of buildings in and out of cars
go to shoots and shows and feel really
comfortable and not feel like I'm really
constrained I actually feel really good
in this dress these are vintage Gucci
boots they're just a good find I love
them you'll probably see me in these
boots all the time
this throw bag is again just a good
basic I'm obsessed with her and then
once again a vintage Gucci
sunglass these you will catch me in
every single day
this is kind of my vibe
a little Italian designer in Italy
Milan Fashion Week I can see it now
foreign
[Music]
so this is kind of my going to work
going to set going to a meeting look
this is kind of my everyday I'd say this
is a uniform for me again a t-shirt this
one's white and a pair of jeans and then
I like to kind of throw something
special on so I feel like I'll throw
this coat
which is the row shocker that's all I
wear
um but I love it just a good classic
trench I am absolutely obsessed with it
the coat I can wear in the spring so I
love my row coat
um this is another Sunday best tea this
one's in white they're so good and
stretchy and kind of a thicker fabric
these jeans again are Kate they're the
exact Black Jean that I had on earlier I
will never get sick of these jeans like
I said before best fit ever love them
and then my boots are also my ultimate
favorite these are the row as well
they're a take on a riding Boot and I am
a horse girl so I love these boots a lot
they
they feel like me I feel like if I was a
boot this is what I would be I'm adding
sunglasses because like I said I can't
leave the house or the hotel without
them
so these are also vintage Gucci I guess
that I have a common theme I have a lot
of um vintage Gucci sunglasses but they
are just really great
this is also the row my Queens
just a really good bag to add a pop of
color
doing business in this cracking big
deals
so this is my airport look I love to be
comfortable on a plane so don't get it
twisted I am not wearing these jeans on
the airplane I always have a pair of
leggings in my carry-on that I carry
with me everywhere so that I can roll up
and style and then change into my
leggings on the actual plane so yeah I'd
say this is my airport look this is a
Ralph Lauren jacket from 2018
vintage tea these are some Levi 501s I
think these were men's they were huge on
me when I got them and I tailored them
to fit me just once again I I can't ever
really find a jean that's long enough
for me unless they're probably men's or
they're the Kate jeans so these are
Levi's 501s and then these are row
boots they're a bit High
they go up to the knee but have a small
little heel which is my favorite because
it's just comfortable and this is kind
of me I'd probably actually wear it
zipped up I'd say
zipping her up
I think that's a little
better
and then once again
sunglasses
this is me
to the airport I go
so this is my vacation look
um I am wearing a pair of row slouchy
flowy pants so I don't really know what
they're called but they're super
comfortable
um a little bra top and a boaty shirt I
love this shirt it's so pretty I'd
probably add a good bag I love this body
bag keeping in theme with my body shirt
this bag was a birthday gift I love it
very much it's just good I love having
like a big sack bag for the beach or
just to be able to throw all my stuff in
some books and some sunscreen
and yeah but I love this bag it's
personalized to me and my life this is
my dog and my horse his name's Arizona
my car some favorite places I've been
Kung Fu Kenny is what my friends call me
it's a lot of me on this bag so I love
it so much and it's very big it's the
perfect size for vacation so I'd say
this is my
vacation vibe cool
so this is my night out look birthday
party look whatever you want to call it
I love to be really really comfortable
when I go out but also feel really cute
and um
sexy I guess I like to have something
very form-fitting so that's why I love
this dress love a little snatched waist
the whole look is Bottega so literally
from ears to toes it I am in all Bottega
Bottega earrings Boutique a dress
Bottega shoes
um I love Bottega right now they're one
of my favorite Italian designers so
super happy to always be wearing them I
wore a version of this dress to the US
Open last year it was in a pastel yellow
this is a little black silky one I love
the fit of this dress I think it's super
form fitting and cute I work for forward
and I have the privilege of stocking
their website at all times
and so I got this whole look on forward
which is really fun
I love a smaller smallish bag when I'm
going out at night
I'd say this is a good one this kind of
matches my shoes and it's also Bottega
to go with the entire boat take a look
so I feel like this is the vibe this is
most likely what I would wear on a night
out to a birthday party or a friend's
dinner or anything like that so I feel
very comfortable and I love it
so if you couldn't guess this is my
workout day this is probably what you'll
find me in most days of the week I am
getting up pretty early every morning
and hopefully going for a workout I
usually do Pilates that's why I have
sambazan rather than a real you know
proper gym shoe but yeah this is my
going to Pilates look I guess I'd add a
sweatshirt
um I love this one this was actually my
dad's sweatshirt
and it's just super old and cozy and
really worn in so I love this guy
[Music]
this is my going to the gym
last but not least this is the bag you
will see me in most in life if you
follow me at all you know that I am
wearing this bag probably every single
day it is definitely the most worn bag
that I own it's again the row and it's
just a good slouchy tote bag
goes with literally everything
[Music]
this is my
me the majority of the time is this
uh lastly my sunglasses
and I'm done
thanks Bogue I hope you enjoyed watching
what I would wear in a week to watch
more Vogue videos subscribe here